- Windows access tokens are a core element of the authentication process on Windows and are created and managed by the Local Security Authority Subsystem Service (LSASS).
- A Windows access token is responsible for identifying and describing the security context of a process or thread running on a system. Simply put, an access token can be thought of as a temporary key akin to a web cookie that provides users with access to a system or network resource without having to provide credentials each time a process is started or a system resource is accessed.
- Access tokens are generated by the winlogon.exe process every time a user authenticates successfully and includes the identity and privileges of the user account associated with the thread or process. This token is then attached to the userinit.exe process, after which all child processes started by a user will inherit a copy of the access token from their creator and will run under the privileges of the same access token.

- Windows access tokens are categorized based on the varying security levels assigned to them. These security levels are used to determine the privileges that are assigned to a specific token.
- An access token will typically be assigned one of the following security levels:
	- Impersonate-level tokens are created as a direct result of a non-interactive login on Windows, typically through specific system services or domain logons.
	- Delegate-level tokens are typically created through an interactive login on Windows, primarily through a traditional login or through remote access protocols such as RDP.
- Impersonate-level tokens can be used to impersonate a token on the local system and not on any external systems that utilize the token.
- Delegate-level tokens pose the largest threat as they can be used to impersonate tokens on any system.

- The process of impersonating access tokens to elevate privileges on a system will primarily depend on the privileges assigned to the account that has been exploited to gain initial access as well as the impersonation or delegation tokens available. The following are the privileges that are required for a successful impersonation attack:
	- SeAssignPrimaryToken: This allows a user to impersonate tokens.
	- SeCreateToken: This allows a user to create an arbitrary token with administrative privileges.
	- SelmpersonatePrivilege: This allows a user to create a process under the securitycontext of another user typically with administrative privileges.

# Metasploit Incognito Module
```
In a meterpreter session with a user with SeImpersonatePrivilege privilege
> load incognito
> list_tokens -u
> impersonate_token "USER_FROM_LAST_COMMAND Example:ATTACKDEFENSE\Administrator"
> pgrep explorer
> migrate EXPLORER_PID
```